README.md, before:

# Magic The Gathering - Life Counter

[![Icon Completed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcelJurtz/ProjectStatusIcons/master/Completed.png)](https://github.com/MarcelJurtz/ProjectStatusIcons)

This app is a 2-player, customizable lifecounter for Magic the Gathering
Players should be seated in front of each other, since the layout contains identical controls mirror-flipped for both players.

An additional poison-counter can be (de)activated.
Each player can choose the background-color of the individual side, which can be customized individually (default mtg-colors are preset).

By holding the button to select *black* background color, the energy-saving mode for AMOLED-displays can be enabled / disabled.

## Customization

Using the settings-button, color options are toggled visible / invisible. Each player can choose their background color.  
The default colors are matched to the original five colors black, blue, green, red and white.  
By holding the settings-button pressed, an options menu is popping up, where each of the colors can be customized.  
Also, the player can choose

 * how much lifepoints will be used as default
 * how much points will be added / substracted by holding the plus / minus buttons pressed

All settings are saved using androids SharedPreferences.

## Languages

The following languages are currently supported:

* english
* german

If you'd like to contribute to the translations, feel free to contact me / submit a pull request.
The strings are located under ```/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml```

## Download

Use the .apk-files included in *RELEASE*, or via [PlayStore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marceljurtz.lifecounter).

## Changelog

### Jul. 11, 2017 - Version 11 / 1.8.2

 * Fixed automatic resetting when switching between Apps
 * Adjusted settings layout

### Jun. 25, 2017 - Version 10 / 1.8.1

 * Added multi language support
 * Added english and german content

### Jun. 23, 2017 - Version 9 / 1.8

 * Added confirmation dialog to reset settings

### Jun. 20, 2017 - Version 8 / 1.7

 * New settings-activity to customize colors, accessible by holding the settings-icon
   * custom colors
   * custom lifepoints
   * custom lifepoint amount on long click
 * Moved customization of default lifepoints to new settings-activity

### Nov. 19, 2016 - Version 7 / 1.6

 * New energy-saving mode for AMOLED-Displays

### Aug. 18, 2016 - Version 6 / 1.5

 * Small bugfixes and improvements
 * Swapped out some images

### Aug. 13, 2016 - Version 5 / 1.4

 * Improved all images to better resolution
 * Deactivated winner / loser information
 * New option to set default amount of lives

### Apr. 17, 2016 - Version 4 / 1.3

 * Screen-timeout deactivated

### Apr. 07, 2016 - Version 3 / 1.2

 * New option to select background-color
 * Improved performance

### Apr. 02, 2016 - Version 2 / 1.1

 * New poison-counter implemented
 * Bugfixes

### Mar. 31, 2016 - Version 1 / 1.0

 * First release:
   * 2 players, mirror-flipped alignment for parallel insight
   * Default with 20 lives, currently not changeable
   * Reset functionality


## Screenshots

![Screenshots](images/screenshots.png)

## Icon

![Icon](images/icon_small.png)

## Dependencies

### Android Material Color Picker Dialog

![Android Material Color Picker Dialog by Pes8](https://github.com/Pes8/android-material-color-picker-dialog)

Also distributed under MIT-License.

## License

![MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add google play badge and legal attribution

README.md, after:

# Magic The Gathering - Life Counter

[![Icon Completed](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcelJurtz/ProjectStatusIcons/master/Completed.png)](https://github.com/MarcelJurtz/ProjectStatusIcons)

This app is a 2-player, customizable lifecounter for Magic the Gathering
Players should be seated in front of each other, since the layout contains identical controls mirror-flipped for both players.

An additional poison-counter can be (de)activated.
Each player can choose the background-color of the individual side, which can be customized individually (default mtg-colors are preset).

By holding the button to select *black* background color, the energy-saving mode for AMOLED-displays can be enabled / disabled.

## Customization

Using the settings-button, color options are toggled visible / invisible. Each player can choose their background color.

The default colors are matched to the original five colors black, blue, green, red and white.  
By holding the settings-button pressed, an options menu is popping up, where each of the colors can be customized.

Also, the player can choose

 * how much lifepoints will be used as default
 * how much points will be added / substracted by holding the plus / minus buttons pressed

All settings are saved using androids SharedPreferences.

## Download

For direct download, use the .apk-files from the [*RELEASE*-Folder](./RELEASE).

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marceljurtz.lifecounter"><img src="Assets/google-play-badge.png" width="200" alt="Get it on Google Play"></a>


## Screenshots

![Screenshots](ASSETS/screenshots.png)

## Icon

![Icon](ASSETS/icon_small.png)

## Languages

The following languages are currently supported:

* english
* german

If you'd like to contribute to the translations, feel free to contact me / submit a pull request.
The strings are located under ```/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml```

## Changelog

### Jul. 11, 2017 - Version 11 / 1.8.2

 * Fixed automatic resetting when switching between Apps
 * Adjusted settings layout

### Jun. 25, 2017 - Version 10 / 1.8.1

 * Added multi language support
 * Added english and german content

### Jun. 23, 2017 - Version 9 / 1.8

 * Added confirmation dialog to reset settings

### Jun. 20, 2017 - Version 8 / 1.7

 * New settings-activity to customize colors, accessible by holding the settings-icon
   * custom colors
   * custom lifepoints
   * custom lifepoint amount on long click
 * Moved customization of default lifepoints to new settings-activity

### Nov. 19, 2016 - Version 7 / 1.6

 * New energy-saving mode for AMOLED-Displays

### Aug. 18, 2016 - Version 6 / 1.5

 * Small bugfixes and improvements
 * Swapped out some images

### Aug. 13, 2016 - Version 5 / 1.4

 * Improved all images to better resolution
 * Deactivated winner / loser information
 * New option to set default amount of lives

### Apr. 17, 2016 - Version 4 / 1.3

 * Screen-timeout deactivated

### Apr. 07, 2016 - Version 3 / 1.2

 * New option to select background-color
 * Improved performance

### Apr. 02, 2016 - Version 2 / 1.1

 * New poison-counter implemented
 * Bugfixes

### Mar. 31, 2016 - Version 1 / 1.0

 * First release:
   * 2 players, mirror-flipped alignment for parallel insight
   * Default with 20 lives, currently not changeable
   * Reset functionality

## Dependencies

### Android Material Color Picker Dialog

[Android Material Color Picker Dialog by Pes8](https://github.com/Pes8/android-material-color-picker-dialog)

Also distributed under MIT-License.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
